March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/robert-koch-institute.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (Robert Koch Institute)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Robert Koch Institute'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Robert Koch Institute, Germany'
```

shortTitle: 'Robert Koch Institute'
type: 'hackathon'
startDate: '2025-03-17'
startTime: '09:00+01:00'
endDate: '2025-03-19'
endTime: '17:00+01:00'
locations:
  - name: Robert Koch Institute
    address: |
      S05.A.EG.017, Seestraße 10, 13353 Berlin, Germany
    links:
      - https://www.rki.de/EN/Home/homepage_node.html

>     geoCoordinates: [52.51868415, 13.381474582931727]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    geoCoordinates: [52.543391, 13.340389]
```
